Milestone Delivery #4
CSE-2102 Group Project - Spring 2025
Design Ar@facts
Deadline: 11:59pm, March 27
Pre-Requisite
• Feature list from Milestone #2
• Figma designs from Milestone #3
Project Board
• Create cards and assign them to teammates for all work rela@ng to this milestone
delivery.
• Keep your project board up-to-date
Design Ar@facts
• Your team will create various design diagrams to document your design. We call these
"ar@facts" because they will remain as important pieces of informa@on that con@nue to
have value long aWer your system is implemented.
• Make them as complete as possible based on what you know about your project so far.
You will con@nue to update them throughout the semester.
• Your scenarios, user stories, feature list, and Figma UX prototype will inform the detail
you put into these diagrams. These diagrams should naturally ﬂow from the work you
have already done.
• Use DrawIO for all diagrams. Name the ﬁles using this conven@on, where NN is two-digit
number (01, 02, 03, ...) and xxxxxxxx is a meaningful name that represents what the
diagram is depic@ng:
o seq-NN-xxxxxxxx
o usecase-farm-market
o er-farm-market
• Use Case Diagram (1 diagram)
o Iden@ty the diﬀerent types of users in your system
o Create ovals for every major ac@on those users will take in your system
o Associate the users to the correct ac@ons in your diagram
• Sequence Diagram (1 sequence diagram for every dis@nct ﬂow)
o Iden@fy the major ﬂows of your system. For instance, one ﬂow might be the
steps through the system when someone places an order. Another ﬂow might be
the login process.
o Draw a sequence for every major and unique ﬂow through the system. If you ﬁnd
that two ﬂows have the iden@cal steps and path, create a single sequence and
name it something more generic that reﬂects that fact.
o Name each diagram something that reﬂects what ﬂow it is depic@ng.
o You should have at least 4 sequence diagrams.
• ER Diagram (1 diagram)
o Create a single ER Diagram that reﬂects your data model for the project. Use the
following bullets as steps in crea@ng the required detail for the diagram:
§ Iden@ty the types of data you will need in your database.
§ Categorize your data into groupings or "tables".
§ Iden@fy what data type is most appropriate for each table.
§ Iden@fy the primary key for each table. Note: you may need to add a
simple integer ﬁeld to a table to make the rows unique.
§ Iden@fy the foreign keys that will link the tables together. Determine the
cardinality of those rela@onships. (E.g. is it one-to-one, one-to-many, or
many-to-many?) Show the linkage lines and the cardinality on your
diagram.
Git
• Create a feature branch
• Add the source DrawIO ﬁles (not a PDF or screenshot!) to the "docs" folder. You should
have a separate ﬁle for every sequence diagram, one for the use case diagram, and one
for the ER Diagram.
• Push the feature branch. Open a PR for merging to develop. Open a PR for merging to
main.
Grading
• One team member will submit a PDF version of the Sequence Diagram to HuskyCT. (One
submission per team.) You will be graded by what is in your git repo "docs" folder. You
are simply uploading to HuskyCT so that TAs can leverage HuskyCT for grading purposes.
• Make sure you have all your source ﬁles in the "docs" folder on git.
• You may submit mul@ple @me prior to the deadline. It is strongly recommended you do
so in case you run into any last minute technical or team issues.
• You will meet with a TA during your lab. Your team may not yet be complete with all the
milestone tasks, but your TA will be looking at:
o Current status of your project board
o Current status of your ar@facts
o Did your ar@facts ﬂow from your previous milestones
o Team collabora@on and communica@on.
• Reminder: you must use DrawIO to draw your diagrams. The use of AI image crea@on
tools in not allowed.